1. a. Write a Python program to create all possible strings by using 'a', 'e', 'i', 'o', 'u
b. Write a Python program to create all possible permutations from a given collection of
distinct numbers.
 c. Write a Python program to check the priority of the four operators (+, -, *, /).
 2. a. Write a Python program that accepts a sequence of lines (blank line to terminate) as
input and prints the lines as output (all characters in lower case).
 b. Write a Python program to check the validity of password input by users.
 At least 1 number between [0-9].
 At least 1 character from [$#@].
 Minimum length 6 characters.
 Maximum length 16 characters.
 At least 1 letter between [a-z] and 1 letter between [A-Z].
3. a. Write a Python function to check whether a number is in a given range.
 b. Write a Python function that prints out the first n rows of Pascal's triangle.
4. Write a Python program to make a chain of function decorators (bold, italic, underline
 etc.) in Python.
 5. a. Write a Python program to find the list of words that are longer than n from a given
 list of words.
 b. Write a Python program to create a list by concatenating a given list which range
 goes from 1 to n.
 c. Write a Python program to find missing and additional values in two lists.
6. Write a Python program to sort the list of elements using the following sorting
techniques:
a) Merge Sort
b) Quick Sort
7. a. Write a Python program to sort a dictionary by key.
 b. Write a Python program to create and display all combinations of letters, selecting
each letter from a different key in a dictionary.
With effect from the Academic Year 2020-21
35
 c. Write a Python program to create a dictionary from two lists without losing
duplicate values.
8. a. Write a Python program to remove empty tuple(s) from a list of tuples.
 b. Write a Python program to solve the Knapsack problem Using Greedy Method.
9. Write a Python program to unzip a list of tuples into individual lists.
10. a. Write A Program to Create a Class which Performs Basic Calculator Operations
b. Write A Program to Create a Class in which One Method Accepts a String from the
User and Another Prints it.
11. Write a Program to find the minimum cost spanning tree using
a) Prim‟s Algorithm
b) Kruskal‟s Algorithm
12. Write a program to find Single Source Shortest path.
13. Write A Program that Reads a text file and counts the number of occurrences of a
 given word.
14. Write A Program that Reads a CSV File, replace the blank cells with null operations
 and group the data with their statistical means.
